


Thank you for joining the World’s Largest Hackathon presented by Bolt!

This is your personal toolbox for this hackathon. Check out all these new tools waiting for you to use them from May 30 - June 30 to build your project 

IMPORTANT! You are responsible for any and all fees accrued in connection with this Contest. Be sure to monitor your usage as you are responsible for any and all fees accrued from use of any of the following developer tools if your use of these tools exceeds the provided access amount. Use of the developer tools will be subject to related license agreement.

 

Step One: Register for Free Bolt Pro
Some of the other offers require you to have an active Bolt Pro account to work- which is free! Use this $30 code for a free Pro account or as credit when upgrading to a larger plan

$30 of Bolt.new credit: IWK5IUAH
Go to Bolt’s pricing page and click Upgrade to Pro. Use the provided promo code in the “Add promotion code” section. Provide a valid payment method and complete the checkout steps Already a paying customer? You’ll receive additional credit automatically when you apply the promo code.

 

Step Two: Redeem sponsor perks 
RevenueCat is 100% free for Bolt participants, no coupon needed.
Our SDK helps you monetize your app in minutes, with support for mobile and web. You’ll only pay once your app’s making $2.5K+ per month. Build with Bolt, monetize and get paid with RevenueCat. Go to rev.cat/bolt enter your email address and click Start for Free.

Free Domain for 1 year from Entri
Once you have Bolt Pro, claim your custom domain by visiting this page. Sign in with the same credentials as your Bolt Pro account. Just build your app in Bolt, deploy it to Netlify, and then claim your free domain.

API Credit from Algorand/IPFS: BOLTrchpygldxt512
Get 2 months of Nodely Unlimited API access (a $512 value) free. Go to nodely.io/bolt-new-promo, click Redeem now, add your promo code at checkout, and complete with valid payment info to start your free trial.

2 Months Free Pro Access to Pica: GO-BOLT-1edb31d1
Get 2 months of Pro access, completely free — a $200 value. Enjoy all premium features with no restrictions. Available for a limited time. New users only. To redeem: Go to Pica Billing Settings → Click Manage Plan → Select Pro → Enter your code at checkout.

6-Months of Monitoring with Sentry: bolt-sentry-wlh
Build with AI, debug with Sentry. Hackathon participants get 6 months of Sentry’s Team Plan for new organizations — includes error monitoring, logs, replays, and performance tracing. To redeem: Go to Sentry Promo Page → Click Redeem Promo Code → Enter your code at checkout.

1 Free Month of Expo Production ($99 value) Code: Boltfriends
Build and ship unlimited during the hackathon with a free month of Expo's Production plan. To redeem: Create an account → Go to Billing → View Plans → Select your account → Upgrade Plan → Enter the code at checkout.

$50 in Lingo credits: LINGODOTDEV8293180
Localize your app in 85+ languages with $50 in credits (valid for 1 year after redemption). To redeem: Create an account → Go to Settings → Select Pro Subscription → Enter your code.

$25 in API Credits + 50% Off Dappier: BOLT50
Enhance your Bolt projects with AI search and custom copilots. Monetize with native ads or go ad-free with 50% off paid plans. All new users get $25 in free API credits. To redeem: Create an account → Visit Subscription Plan → Select Starter Plan → Enter code at checkout.

50% discount for one year of 21st.dev: BOLT-RZ0VAISI
Get full access to Magic AI and Pro tools for generating UI components. To redeem: Create an account → Go to Pricing → Select Pro Plan → Enter your code at checkout.

Free 1-Year DEV++ Membership: YKVYBT72
Unlock special DEV features and 20+ exclusive offers from top tech companies like Neon and .fun domains — great for experimenting and building. Go to https://dev.to/++, click Join DEV++ and follow the steps to enter your promo code and check out.

$150 in Free Tavus Credits
Get 250 free conversational video minutes, up to 3 concurrent CVI streams, and 3 free replica generations when you sign up or click this link with an existing Tavus account. New limits are visible on your Tavus Portal billing page, with detailed usage under “invoice history.” Once credits run out, you can subscribe to a paid plan for more usage.

Host events & grow your following FREE on River, no coupon needed.
1. Build your following: host events in the Bolt community (your attendees will automatically become your followers on River).
2. Host your own events: click “Create Event” and invite your followers.
3. Start monetizing: use your events to promote your paid product, host paid events, or get sponsors for your events on River.
For community builders looking to scale with global meetups, River is offering 50% off their Pro and Influencer Plans for 6 months. Reach out to the River team to set up a demo.